Gavin Baxter is an American basketball player for the BYU Cougars of the West Coast Conference. Listed at 6 ft 9 in (2.05m) and 210 pounds (95 kg), he plays the forward position.Baxter attended Timpview High School, where he was rated a four-star recruit and was ranked among the top 5 recruits in Utah. He led his team to two Utah 4A State Quarterfinals, and finished runner-up his senior year. He also managed to receive honors as first second and third team all-State in his sophomore, junior, and senior year. He was recruited by Arizona State, California, Oregon, Oregon State, UCLA, and Utah State. He also played for the Utah Prospects, an AAU club basketball team coached by Tim Davis, featuring talent such as Connor Harding, Yoeli Childs, and Frank Jackson.Gavin's parent were both athletes as well, his father Kurt played basketball for BYU and Snow College. His mother Angela ran track for BYU, earning recognition as an All-American in the 1986 season in Indoor Track. She also held the BYU women's 200m record for 26 years, with a time of 23.39. She also competed internationally for her home country of Scotland. His sister Lauren also ran track for BYU.In his first year at BYU he was selected to the West Coast Conference All-Freshman Team.
Arrigoni is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Lal Chand is an Indian politician. Lal Chand may also refer to:Actually i m bycontinge it because of turky and film affiliation
Antarctic Four is a 1966 Australian television play. It was part of "Australian Playhouse".Australian TV drama was relatively rare at the time but there were several productions set in Antarctica in the 1960s, the others including "Manhaul" and "She".It was also performed as a stage play.A group of six men from the Australian National Antarctic Research Expedition are stranded in an Antarctic outpost. Temporarily out of communication with their base, the men get into a nightmare situation brought on by a mysterious disease.Gordon Boy was best known as a singer.The critic from the "Australian Woman's Weekly" said the production "was not flawless, but it sustained suspense to the end. It was better entertainment in every way than there has been from "Australian Playhouse" for weeks.I would like to see this series succeed, but recently I have been wondering whether it would. "Antarctic Four" revived my hopes.The critic from the "Sydney Morning Herald" said that "If this fantasy fails to grip or impress, it is not the fault of the production or the players...the most outstanding performance came from George Whaley who had the schizophrenic role of a sane madman."The "Age" called it "one of the best of the Playhouse series".
Zucchetti is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gulmi is a district in Nepal.Gulmi may also refer to:
Beth Moses is Chief Astronaut Instructor and Interiors Program Manager for Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo program, and is a commercial astronaut. She was the first woman to make a spaceflight on a commercially launched vehicle,Natalie Beth Stubbings grew up in Northbrook, Illinois and attended Glenbrook North High School.She obtained bachelor's (1992) and master's (1994) degrees in aeronautical and astronautical engineeringfrom Purdue University School of Aeronautics and AstronauticsShe worked for NASA as the assembly manager for the International Space Stationwhere she led the global program of human-in-the-loop testing which designed, developed, and verified the spacewalk mechanisms used to assemble and maintain the station. Moses later joined Virgin Galactic where she serves as Chief Astronaut Instructor and Interiors Program ManagerDuring her spaceflight on 22 Feb 2019, she became the first person on a suborbital mission known to have unstrapped and floated around the cabin, as part of her job evaluating the future passenger experience. On mission VF-01 she reached a height of 89.9 km above the Earth's surface, high enough to achieve Commercial Astronaut status by surpassing an altitude of .“One of the things that I believe in is that if a greater slice of humanity can experience spaceflight, it will translate to untold benefits and changes on Earth. What if every world leader saw Earth from space? It might be a more gentle, kind planet.”"After countless projects, I can say this: engineering persistence trumps personal, cultural, or gender factors. In modern global human aerospace, it really doesn’t matter what you look like. Or where your parents lived. Or even what native language you grew up with. What does matter is your engineering skill, common sense, courtesy, persistence, and dedication to the shared mission."Beth Moses was awarded the National Science Foundation's Micro gravity research award. This allowed her to further her research in parabolic flight. In 2009 the International Space Station (ISS) was awarded the Robert J. Collier trophy. Moses played a large role in the development required to attain this award.
Oak View Group (OVG) is an American global advisory, development and investment company for the sports and live entertainment industries. Based in Los Angeles, it was formed on November 16, 2015 by Tim Leiweke & his business partner, Irving Azoff. Leiweke is the company's chief executive officer.The company's biggest project is its redevelopment of the former KeyArena in Seattle, in part in preparation for the Seattle Kraken, the city's new National Hockey League team. The new arena, renamed Climate Pledge Arena via a naming rights deal with Amazon will also be home to the WNBA's Seattle Storm. On December 4, 2017, the Seattle City Council voted 7–1 to approve a memorandum of understanding with the Oak View Group for the redevelopment, which will build a new subterranean arena on the existing site while retaining the historical landmarked roof and three exterior walls. Demolition and construction for the new arena began in 2018 and will be fully completed in 2021. The company was competing against a rival proposal by Chris Hansen.On December 7, the NHL's board of governors agreed to consider an application for an expansion team from Seattle, with an expansion fee set at $650 million. The Seattle ownership group is represented by David Bonderman and Jerry Bruckheimer. On February 20, Mayor Jenny Durkan launched an NHL campaign during her State of the Union and announced that the Oak View Group would be initiating a season ticket drive on March 1, 2018. Upon completion, OVG will manage the new Seattle Center Arena.The group is also involved in the Belmont Park Arena's development with the New York Islanders. In December 2017, New York Arena Partners (a venture of the Islanders, Oak View Group, and Sterling Equities) won a bid to construct a new, 18,000-seat arena and mixed-used district at Belmont Park, beating a competing proposal by New York City FC for a new soccer stadium. The new arena is projected to be completed in time for the 2021-22 season.In 2016, Oak View Group announced a "Arena Alliance" of independent arena which includes arenas such as AT&T Center (San Antonio), Scotiabank Arena (Toronto), Amalie Arena (Tampa Bay), BB&T Center (Ft. Lauderdale), Bankers Life Fieldhouse (Indianapolis), Chase Center (San Francisco), PPG Paints Arena (Pittsburgh), KeyBank Center (Buffalo), The Forum (Los Angeles), Golden 1 Center (Sacramento), Little Caesars Arena (Detroit), Madison Square Garden (New York), Pepsi Center (Denver), State Farm Arena (Atlanta), Prudential Center (Newark), Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse (Cleveland), Rogers Arena (Vancouver), Enterprise Center (St. Louis), United Center (Chicago) Wells Fargo Center (Philadelphia) and Xcel Energy Center (St. Paul).In 2016, the company acquired Venues Today, a trade publication for the live entertainment industry. In 2017, the company purchased Pollstar, a trade publication for the concert industry.In 2018, it was announced that Oak View Group and the University of Texas at Austin had agreed to build a new $338 million arena for the Texas Longhorns men's and women's basketball programs to replace the Frank Erwin Center.In February 2019, it was announced that Oak View Group had become the arena manager of Webster Bank Arena in Bridgeport, Connecticut. In June 2019, it was announced that the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians and Oak View Group plan to build a privately-funded arena on tribal land in downtown Palm Springs, California with the intent of the arena serving as the home ice for the Kraken's American Hockey League affiliate.
Fateless (stylised as FATELESS) is the fifth studio album by Japanese rock band Coldrain. Recorded at Studio Barbarosa in Orlando, Florida with producer Michael 'Elvis' Baskette, it was released on October 11, 2017 by Warner Music."Fateless" is the first Coldrain album to be released under the label of Warner Music Japan, following leaving Hopeless Records towards the backend of 2016, and also the first to not be released under the Japanese label VAP. This would be the follow-up since 2015's "Vena", and be their second highest charting album on the Oricon Albums Chart, debuting and peaking at number 8, only behind "The Revelation" which peaked at number 7.The album was home to three singles, "Envy", the lead single, which was released in late August, "Feed The Fire", on the 21st of the following month, as well as being the opening theme of the anime King's Game, and "R.I.P." in October, just three days after the release of "Fateless". Coldrain would also ambitiously cover "Uninvited" by Alanis Morissette on this 12 track record that runs a little over 46 minutes.All lyrics written by Masato Hayakawa, all music composed by Masato Hayakawa and Ryo Yokochi.
Kordestani is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Seldek, formerly known as Seldik, is a village in the municipal area of Halfeti, in the province of Urfa, south-eastern Turkey. The population is 1,588 (in 2018). The village is situated about 2 miles east of the town of Old Halfeti, which lies on the river Euphrates (partially submerged by the reservoir behind the Birecik Dam).The population of the village has been consistently declining in recent years, falling from 2,523 (in 2007) to 1,588 in ten years.The name of the village is Kurdish, derived from the personal name Salman. It is attested as Seldik in 1915 and 1928, but is now named Seldek.About a mile north-west of the village lies an historic mound or tumulus (Höyüktepe Höyüğü). This was declared a 1st Degree Archaeological Site in 2017 by the Şanliurfa Cultural Assets Protection Board.The village, with the immediate surroundings, including the tumulus, is constituted a Mahallah (mahalle in Turkish), headed by a Mukhtar, currently Cengiz Büyüertaş (2019).
Lavaggi is an Italian-language surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Sasha Masakowski (born 1986) is an American jazz singer. She was born in New Orleans and is the daughter of jazz guitarist Steve Masakowski.
Excelsior Mountain is the 21st-highest mountain in Yosemite National Park, on the northeastern border of Yosemite. It is the next high peak, north of Mount Conness. Excelsior Mountain is mostly made of rust-colored metamorphic rock, similar to Mount Dana, which is also close.All of the following are near, to Excelsior Mountain:
The Carmarthenshire by-election of 1857 was fought in June 1857. The by-election arose because of the death of the incumbent Conservative MP, David Arthur Saunders Davies. It was won by the Conservative candidate David Pugh, who prevailed against the opposition of many within the party.John Lloyd Davies, who had stood down as member for Cardigan Boroughs at the recent election, having faced certain defeat when opposed by Edward Pryse, was first in the field. He issued an address within days of the late member's death and emphasised his role in the public life of the county for thirty years. However, it was soon rumoured that David Pugh had the support of a large proportion of the county gentry.On 3 June, Charles Bishop convened a meeting at the Ivy Bush Hotel in Carmarthen to choose a candidate. The meeting was chaired by Sir John Mansel and addressed by two of the aspirants, John Lloyd Davies and Sir James Hamilton. David Pugh was not present and it was unclear whether he would abide by the decision of the meeting. Howel Gwyn, former MP for Falmouth, was also mentioned but had little support. A lengthy discussion ensued, which ended with Pugh being omitted from a ballot in which John Lloyd Davies secured a majority over Sir James Hamilton.Pugh was duly returned after the hustings at Llandeilo on 12 June, when he was proposed by W.R.H. Powell of Maesgwynne. The "Welshman" stated that Pugh "was chosen, not by any party, but by the constituents as a body, without any reference to political distinctions."
